Enterprise 1.11.6 release notes (#5566)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1/about-the-project/release-notes.md

[FIPS-compliant InfluxDB Enterprise builds](/enterprise_influxdb/v1/introduction/installation/fips-compliant/).
{{% /note %}}

## v1.11.6 {date="2024-08-02"}

### Bug Fixes

- Prevent retention service from hanging, which could lead to a failure to
  remove old shards.
- Fix shard precreation service to pre-create shards for more than the first

>   databse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  database.
```

- Fix issues with remote iterators caused by floating point literals being

>   rounded in a way that causes lose of precision and can drastically change the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  rounded in a way that causes precision loss and can drastically change the
```
